---
title: "4.6.0: 2019-10-07"
date: "2019-10-07T08:00:00-04:00"
description: "API Changelog 4.6.0"
changelog:
- API
version: 4.6.0
---

<!-- API changelog requirements - delete this before merging -->
- Replace all instances of X.X.X in the frontmatter with the appropriate API spec.
- Replace all instances of 2019-01-01 with the production release date for the API.
- All items in the changelog should mention which endpoints are affected.
- For changes and bugfixes, describe the previous behavior AND the new behavior.
<!-- Where to put things - delete this before merging -->
Some heuristics for which heading to put API reference updates under:

*Added*
- New endpoints.
- New fields in the request or a response of an existing endpoint.

*Changed*
- Changes in the behavior of an existing endpoing, when the previous behavior was working as it was designed. In other words, non-bugfix changes.

*Fixes*
- Bugfixes: Changes to the behavior of an endpoint, where the previous behavior was not working as intended/expected/documented.

<!-- Sample syntax - delete this before merging -->

- References to an endpoint should be in this format: `the Endpoint Name ([VERB /path/to/endpoint/{endpointVariable}](https://developers.linode.com/api/docs/v4/{endpoint}/{#endpointVariable})) endpoint` *Example*: `the Clone Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)) endpoint`

<!-- Fill these sections out: -->

### Added

* A `linode_reboot` Event action can now generate a `secondary_entity` object. A `secondary_entity` object displays information about an additional entity that is related to the Event.
    * Use the Accounts collection to List Events [GET /account/events](/api/v4/account-events) or to View an Event [GET /account/events/{eventId}](/api/v4/account-events-event-id).

* The List Managed Stats endpoint [GET managed/stats](/api/v4/managed-stats) returns a list of Managed Stats on your Account in the form of x and y data points. You can use these data points to plot your own graph visualizations. These stats reflect the last 24 hours of combined usage across all managed Linodes on your account giving you a high-level snapshot of data for `cpu`, `disk`, `swap`, `network in`, and `network out`.

### Changed

### Fixed

* Fixed a formatting error that prevented the [filtering and sorting](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/#filtering-and-sorting) examples within the API documentation from correctly working as presented.

* Fixed an issue that allowed Linodes with IPv6 /116 pools to attempt to migrate to Next Generation Network (NGN) enabled data centers like Toronto and Mumbai. IPv6 /116 pools are not supported by NGN data centers, so these migrations would never actually progress. A Linode with IPv6 /116 pools will now be prevented from initiating a migration to an NGN data center, and the user will be prompted to contact support.