---
title: "4.4.0: 2019-09-09"
date: "2019-09-09T08:00:00-04:00"
description: "API Changelog 4.4.0"
changelog:
- API
version: 4.4.0
---

### Added

- Added a `secondary_entity` property to the [GET /account/events](/api/v4/account-events) and [GET /account/events/{eventId}](/api/v4/account-events-event-id) endpoints. A `secondary_entity` object displays information about an additional entity that is related to the Event. Currently, the `linode_boot`, `linode_create`, and `linode_clone` Event actions can generate a `secondary_entity` object.

- Added convenience Object Storage beta endpoints for the Early Access Program. It is recommended to use the more fully-featured [S3 API](https://docs.ceph.com/docs/mimic/radosgw/s3/#) directly instead of these endpoints. **Note**: these endpoints are prepended with **`/v4beta`** instead of `/v4`.

   - List Object Storage Buckets ([GET /object-storage/buckets](/api/v4/object-storage-buckets))
   - Create Object Storage Bucket ([POST /object-storage/buckets](/api/v4/object-storage-buckets/#post))
   - View Object Storage Bucket ([GET /object-storage/buckets/{clusterId}/{bucket}](/api/v4/object-storage-buckets-cluster-id-bucket))
   - Remove Object Storage Bucket ([DELETE /object-storage/buckets/{clusterId}/{bucket}](/api/v4/object-storage-buckets-cluster-id-bucket/#delete))
   - Modify Object Storage Bucket Access ([POST /object-storage/buckets/{clusterId}/{bucket}/access](/api/v4/object-storage-buckets-cluster-id-bucket-access/#post))
   - List Object Storage Bucket Contents ([GET /object-storage/buckets/{clusterId}/{bucket}/object-list](/api/v4/object-storage-buckets-cluster-id-bucket-object-list))
   - Create Object Storage Object URL ([POST /object-storage/buckets/{clusterId}/{bucket}/object-url](/api/v4/object-storage-buckets-cluster-id-bucket-object-url/#post))

### Changed

- The `group` property of the Managed Contacts ([/managed/contacts](/api/v4/managed-contacts/#post)) resource is no longer deprecated.
- The `consultation_group` property of the Managed Services ([/managed/services](/api/v4/managed-services)) resource is no longer deprecated.

### Fixed

- Previously, you could initiate a cross data center (DC) migration ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/migrate](/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-migrate/#post)) even if the Linode already had a pending migration in the queue. Now, if your Linode has a pending migration already queued, you will not be able to initiate a DC migration until it has completed and you will receive an error response, "Linode has a pending migration."  A list of pending migrations, if any, can be accessed from [GET /account/notifications](/api/v4/account-notifications ).

- Validation to ensure a running Linode is powered down prior to initiating a cross data center (DC) migration ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/migrate](/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-migrate/#post)) was removed. This validation is unnecessary because a Linode is automatically powered off, migrated, and then restored to its previous boot state when any Linode migration is initiated.

- The `group` property of a managed contacts resource can now be updated ([PUT /managed/contacts/{contactId}](/api/v4/managed-contacts-contact-id/#put)) with a null value. Previous PUT validation generated an error when the `group` property was updated with a null value.

- When updating ([PUT /linode/stackscripts/{stackscriptId}](/api/v4/linode-stackscripts-stackscript-id/#put)) a StackScripts resource, the `images` property no longer accepts an empty array. Previously, there was no validation in place to prevent an empty `images` property array. This caused a StackScript to no longer be deployable.

- When listing Managed Services ([GET /managed/services](/api/v4/managed-services)) on a managed account, removed services no longer appear in the response data.

- A Managed Credential now correctly maps to a Managed Service. Previously, when you created ([POST /managed/services](/api/v4/managed-services/#post)) or updated ([PUT /managed/services/{serviceId}](/api/v4/managed-services-service-id/#put)) a Managed Service with a `credentials` parameter, its Managed Credential Ids did not appropriately map to the service. This resulted in an empty `credentials` array when listing ([GET /managed/services](/api/v4/managed-services)) or viewing ([GET /managed/services/{serviceId}](/api/v4/managed-services-service-id)) a Managed Service.
