---
title: '4.13.1: 2020-02-10'
date: 2020-02-10T05:00:00.000Z
version: 4.13.1
changelog:
  - API
---

### Added

### Changed

### Fixed

- Previously, `View Network Utilization` ([GET /account/transfer/](/api/v4/account-transfer)) did not include Object Storage outgoing network transfer in its network utilization for the current month. If you have the Linode Object Storage service enabled on your account, `View Network Utilization` will now include Object Storage's outgoing network transfer in its total returned amount.

- After booting a Linode into rescue mode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/rescue](/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-rescue/#post)), when attempting to reboot your Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/reboot](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-reboot/#post)), you would receive an error message, `No bootable config found`. This bug has been fixed and the Linode will reboot into the latest configuration profile that isn't a rescue mode configuration profile.

- When a Linode, deployed from a ([StackScript](/api/v4/linode-stackscripts)), is deleted, that StackScript's `deployments_active` value should decrease. This property's value was incorrectly reporting the number of active deployments for a StackScript. This has been corrected.

- Restoring a Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/backups/{backupId}/restore](/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-backups-backup-id-restore)) from a backup that was still in its postprocessing phase returned the error message "*backup is not valid*". The error message has been updated to be more descriptive. Now, when you attempt to restore a Linode from a backup that is still post processing, the returned error message is "*Backup is currently postprocessing*".

- When restoring a Linode backup ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/backups/{backupId}/restore](/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-backups-backup-id-restore)) to a Linode of a larger plan size, the created disk image(s) corresponded to the original Linode's disk size(s) and not to the actual size of the backup disk image(s). Now, when you restore a Linode from another Linode's backup, the receiving Linode's disks will be restored to the backup disk image(s) size and resize the disk(s) to fill the remaining unallocated space of that Linode's disk storage.

- Iterated on a bug fix with migrations, clones, and host information. If the migration is a disk or a clone, the `from_host` is the disk. Users can see migration job information in the event endpoints:
  - `List Events` ([GET /account/events](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-events))
  - `View Event` ([GET /account/events/{eventId}](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-events-event-id))