---
title: '4.4.1: 2019-09-23'
date: 2019-09-23T04:00:00.000Z
version: 4.4.1
changelog:
  - API
---
<!-- API changelog requirements - delete this before merging -->
- Replace all instances of X.X.X in the frontmatter with the appropriate API spec.
- Replace all instances of 2019-01-01 with the production release date for the API.
- All items in the changelog should mention which endpoints are affected.
- For changes and bugfixes, describe the previous behavior AND the new behavior.

<!-- Where to put things - delete this before merging -->
Some heuristics for which heading to put API reference updates under:

*Added*
- New endpoint.
- New fields in the request or a response of an existing endpoint.

*Changed*
- Changes in the behavior of an existing endpoing, when the previous behavior was working as it was designed. In other words, non-bugfix changes.

*Fixes*
- Bugfixes: Changes to the behavior of an endpoint, where the previous behavior was not working as intended/expected/documented.

<!-- Sample syntax - delete this before merging -->

- References to an endpoint should be in this format: `the Endpoint Name ([VERB /path/to/endpoint/{endpointVariable}](https://developers.linode.com/api/docs/v4/{endpoint}/{#endpointVariable})) endpoint` *Example*: `the Clone Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)) endpoint`

<!-- Fill these sections out: -->

### Added
- Added the `Enable Linode Managed` [POST /account/settings/managed-enable]() endpoint which enables Linode Managed for the entire account and sends a welcome email to the account’s associated email address. `Enable Linode Managed` can monitor any service or software stack reachable over TCP or HTTP.

- Added Firewalls beta endpoint [POST /firewalls]() which accepts a firewall setup and creates a new firewall. **Note**: this endpoint is prepended with **`/v4beta`** instead of `/v4`.

### Changed


### Fixed
- Previously, in the edge case where overwrite was set to true when restoring from backup (POST/linode/instances/{linodeId}/backups/{backupId}/restore), some disks were not being properly deleted. Additionally, the check to determine if there is enough disk size has been changed from checking the Linode’s `free_space` against the backup object’s `total_size` which is a computed value. This computed value is now being computed by summing the MinRestoreSize of each disk in the backup.
