---
title: '4.59.2: 2020-03-10'
date: 2020-03-10T04:00:00.000Z
version: 4.59.2
changelog:
  - API
---
<!-- API changelog requirements - delete this before merging -->

* Replace all instances of X.X.X in the frontmatter with the appropriate API spec.
* Replace all instances of 2019-01-01 with the production release date for the API.
* All items in the changelog should mention which endpoints are affected.
* For changes and bugfixes, describe the previous behavior AND the new behavior.

<!-- Where to put things - delete this before merging -->

Some heuristics for which heading to put API reference updates under:

_Added_

* New endpoints.
* New fields in the request or a response of an existing endpoint.

_Changed_

* Changes in the behavior of an existing endpoing, when the previous behavior was working as it was designed. In other words, non-bugfix changes.

_Fixes_

* Bugfixes: Changes to the behavior of an endpoint, where the previous behavior was not working as intended/expected/documented.

<!-- Sample syntax - delete this before merging -->

* References to an endpoint should be in this format: `the Endpoint Name ([VERB /path/to/endpoint/{endpointVariable}](https://developers.linode.com/api/docs/v4/{endpoint}/{#endpointVariable})) endpoint` _Example_: `the Clone Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)) endpoint`

<!-- Fill these sections out: -->

### Version Change Notes

The previous API release was assigned version number 4.14.1, while this release is tagged 4.59.2. This is an intentional change to align with internal version numbers. Subsequent releases will continue following the [semver](https://semver.org/) versioning specification.

### Added

* You can now create an Object Storage bucket in the Frankfurt, DE cluster region (\`eu-central-1\`).
  * To view all available Object Storage cluster regions, use the List Clusters ([GET /object-storage/clusters](/api/v4/object-storage-clusters)) endpoint.
* Added `updated` and `created` read-only fields to DomainRecord objects.
  * Use the [Domain Records collection](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/domains-domain-id-records) to review your DomainRecord objects.
* Added the List Object Storage Buckets in Cluster ([GET /object-storage/buckets/{clusterId}](/api/v4/object-storage-buckets-cluster-id)) endpoint.
  * This endpoint returns a list of Buckets in a specific cluster that belong to the user's Account.
* When cloning a Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)), any tags existing on the source Linode will be cloned to the target Linode.

### Changed

* When a Linode goes into maintenance mode its \`status\` field will now display \`stopped\`. 
  * To view a Linode's status, use the View Linode ([GET /linode/instances/{linodeId}](/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id)) endpoint.

### Fixed

* Previously, when creating a Linode ([POST /linode/instances](/api/v4/linode-instances/#post)) with a root password of 6 characters a \`Password must be between 6 and 128 characters\` error was returned. This bug has been fixed and the \`root_pass\` field will now accept a password of 6 characters.
