---
title: '4.60.0: 2020-03-23'
date: 2020-03-23T04:00:00.000Z
version: 4.60.0
changelog:
  - API
---
<!-- API changelog requirements - delete this before merging -->
- Replace all instances of X.X.X in the frontmatter with the appropriate API spec.
- Replace all instances of 2019-01-01 with the production release date for the API.
- All items in the changelog should mention which endpoints are affected.
- For changes and bugfixes, describe the previous behavior AND the new behavior.

<!-- Where to put things - delete this before merging -->
Some heuristics for which heading to put API reference updates under:

*Added*
- New endpoints.
- New fields in the request or a response of an existing endpoint.

*Changed*
- Changes in the behavior of an existing endpoing, when the previous behavior was working as it was designed. In other words, non-bugfix changes.

*Fixes*
- Bugfixes: Changes to the behavior of an endpoint, where the previous behavior was not working as intended/expected/documented.

<!-- Sample syntax - delete this before merging -->

- References to an endpoint should be in this format: `the Endpoint Name ([VERB /path/to/endpoint/{endpointVariable}](https://developers.linode.com/api/docs/v4/{endpoint}/{#endpointVariable})) endpoint` *Example*: `the Clone Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)) endpoint`

<!-- Fill these sections out: -->

### Added

- The field `authentication_type` has been added to View Profile ([GET /profile](/api/v4/profile)) and Update Profile ([PUT /profile](/api/v4/profile/#put)). `authentication_type` returns your account's Cloud Manager authentication type. Currently, a user's password (in conjunction with their username) is the only available authentication type.

- The `name` field for Create Domain Record ([POST /domains/{domainId}/records](/api/v4/domains-domain-id-records/#post)) and Update Domain Record ([PUT /domains/{domainId}/records/{recordId}](/api/v4/domains-domain-id-records-record-id/#put)) now accepts wildcards for Domain Records of type `TXT`.

- Logic was added to the [Account](/api/v4/account) collection to generate an Account Notification ([GET /account/notifications](/api/v4/account-notifications)) when your account's associated email address bounces ([GET /v4/account ](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account)) and when an account user's email address bounces ([GET /account/users/{username}](/api/v4/account-users-username)).

- The View Volume ([GET /volumes/{volumeId}](/api/v4/volumes-volume-id)) and List Volumes ([GET /volumes](/api/v4/volumes)) endpoints now have a `linode_label` field. If a Volume is attached to a specific Linode, the label of that Linode will be returned by the `linode_label` field.

### Changed

### Fixed

- Corrected the field for unit price in the List Invoice Items ([GET /account/invoices/{invoiceId}/items](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-invoices-invoice-id-items)) endpoint. Previously, this field was listed as `unitprice` with type `number`. It is now correctly listed as `unit_price` with type `string`.

- When a Linode that was deployed from a [StackScript](/api/v4/linode-stackscripts) is deleted, that StackScript's `deployments_active` value should decrease. This property's value was incorrectly reporting the number of active deployments for a StackScript. While this bug was addressed in a previous API release, additional work was completed to improve the previous fix.

- Changes were made to improve the performance of the List Networking Information ([GET /linode/instances/{linodeId}/ips](/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-ips)) endpoint.