---
title: '4.64.0: 2020-05-04'
date: 2020-05-04T04:00:00.000Z
version: 4.64.0
changelog:
  - API
---

### Added

- Validation improvements were added to prevent Domain Record naming conflicts.

  - If you attempt to create ([POST /domains/{domainId}/records](/api/v4/domains-domain-id-records/#post)) or update ([PUT /domains/{domainId}/records/{recordId}](/api/v4/domains-domain-id-records-record-id/#put)) a Domain Record of `type` `CNAME`, `A`, `AAA`, or `MX` with a `name` value that already exists, you will receive an error message indicating that the name already exists.

- When attempting to stage a PayPal payment ([POST /account/payments/paypal/execute](/api/v4/account-payments-paypal-execute/#post)) on an account that has been flagged for no charge, you will receive the following error message, `This account cannot be charged`.

- The Profile collection's `authentication_type` field can now return a value of `github` when GitHub Third Party Authentication is enabled for your Profile.

    - Authentication types are chosen through Cloud Manager and authorized when logging into your account. **Note** this functionality is not yet available in Cloud Manager. See the [Cloud Manager Changelog](/changelog/cloud-manager/) for the latest updates.

### Fixed

- A bug was fixed that was preventing Block Storage Volumes from successfully attaching to Linodes running Debian 10.

- Previously, uninvoiced balances were being calculated as slightly lower than their actual amount. This bug was fixed to correctly calculate uninvoiced balances.

    - You can view your account's uninvoiced balance using the View Account endpoint ([GET /account](/api/v4/account)).

- Additional logic was added to the [Kubernetes](/api/v4/lke-clusters) collection to ensure that Linode Kubernetes Engine (LKE) service account usernames are less likely to be non-unique.