---
title: '4.69.0: 2020-07-13'
date: 2020-07-13T04:00:00.000Z
version: 4.69.0
changelog:
  - API
---

### Added

- A `disks` field was added to the [Linode Kubernetes Engine (LKE)](/api/v4/lke-clusters) collection. This field allows you to define a custom disk layout for the nodes in a cluster's [Node Pool](/api/v4/lke-clusters-cluster-id-pools/#post). A custom disk layout is only required for specific use cases. If this field is omitted, the nodes in a Node Pool will have a default disk layout consisting of a single partition. The `disks` field is available from the following endpoints:

    - Create Kubernetes Cluster ([POST /lke/clusters](/api/v4/lke-clusters/#post)).
    - Create Node Pool ([POST /lke/clusters/{clusterId}/pools](/api/v4/lke-clusters-cluster-id-pools/#post))
    - View Node Pool ([GET /lke/clusters/{clusterId}/pools/{poolId}](/api/v4/lke-clusters-cluster-id-pools-pool-id))

- When Listing Account Events ([GET /v4/account/events](/api/v4/account-events)), you can now filter by its `action` field. See [Filtering and Sorting](/api/v4/#filtering-and-sorting) to learn how to search API v4 collections.

### Changed

- Added improved error handling for the `ssl_cert` and `ssl_key` fields in the NodeBalancer collection. Error messages will now explain if a provided key is in an incorrect format. These fields are available from the following endpoints:

  - Create Config ([POST /nodebalancers/{nodeBalancerId}/configs](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/nodebalancers-node-balancer-id-configs/#post))

  - Update Config ([PUT /nodebalancers/{nodeBalancerId}/configs/{configId}](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/nodebalancers-node-balancer-id-configs-config-id/#put))

- URLS added to the Create Managed Service ([POST/managed/services](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/managed-services/#post)) and Update Managed Service ([PUT /managed/services/{serviceId}](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/managed-services-service-id/#put)) may now include additional special characters.

- The `tag` field for the [Domain Record](/api/v4/domains-domain-id-records/#post) collection is now filterable. See [Filtering and Sorting](/api/v4/#filtering-and-sorting) to learn how to search API v4 collections.

### Fixed

- A bug was fixed that could result in a race condition to the Create User ([POST /account/users](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-users/#post)) endpoint if two identical users were created at the same time.- A bug was fixed that prevented users from adding or editing endpoints in the Tags collection on resources that they had edit permissions for.
