---
title: '4.7.0: 2019-10-21'
date: 2019-10-21T12:00:00.000Z
version: 4.7.0
changelog:
  - API
---
<!-- API changelog requirements - delete this before merging -->

* Replace all instances of X.X.X in the frontmatter with the appropriate API spec.
* Replace all instances of 2019-01-01 with the production release date for the API.
* All items in the changelog should mention which endpoints are affected.
* For changes and bugfixes, describe the previous behavior AND the new behavior.

<!-- Where to put things - delete this before merging -->

Some heuristics for which heading to put API reference updates under:

_Added_

* New endpoints.
* New fields in the request or a response of an existing endpoint.

_Changed_

* Changes in the behavior of an existing endpoing, when the previous behavior was working as it was designed. In other words, non-bugfix changes.

_Fixes_

* Bugfixes: Changes to the behavior of an endpoint, where the previous behavior was not working as intended/expected/documented.

<!-- Sample syntax - delete this before merging -->

* References to an endpoint should be in this format: `the Endpoint Name ([VERB /path/to/endpoint/{endpointVariable}](https://developers.linode.com/api/docs/v4/{endpoint}/{#endpointVariable})) endpoint` _Example_: `the Clone Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)) endpoint`

<!-- Fill these sections out: -->

### Added

* Added the `tfa_enabled` property to the ([/account/Users](/api/v4/account-users)) collection. This property returns a boolean value indicating if the User has Two Factor Authentication (TFA) enabled. See the Create Two Factor Secret ( [/profile/tfa-enable](http://localhost:8000/api/v4/profile-tfa-enable/#post) ) endpoint to enable TFA.

* Added the Add Firewall Devices ([/networking/firewalls/{firewallId}/devices](/api/v4/networking-firewalls-firewall-id-devices/#post)) endpoint. 
    * This endpoint applies a specific Firewall to a new device. Currently, only devices of type `linode` are accepted. 
    * A `firewall_device_add` event ([/account/events](/api/v4/account-events)) is created when the Firewall device is added successfully.

### Changed

### Fixed
