---
title: '4.8.1: 2019-11-18'
date: 2019-11-18T05:00:00.000Z
version: 4.8.1
changelog:
  - API
---
<!-- API changelog requirements - delete this before merging -->
- Replace all instances of X.X.X in the frontmatter with the appropriate API spec.
- Replace all instances of 2019-01-01 with the production release date for the API.
- All items in the changelog should mention which endpoints are affected.
- For changes and bugfixes, describe the previous behavior AND the new behavior.

<!-- Where to put things - delete this before merging -->
Some heuristics for which heading to put API reference updates under:

*Added*
- New endpoints.
- New fields in the request or a response of an existing endpoint.

*Changed*
- Changes in the behavior of an existing endpoing, when the previous behavior was working as it was designed. In other words, non-bugfix changes.

*Fixes*
- Bugfixes: Changes to the behavior of an endpoint, where the previous behavior was not working as intended/expected/documented.

<!-- Sample syntax - delete this before merging -->

- References to an endpoint should be in this format: `the Endpoint Name ([VERB /path/to/endpoint/{endpointVariable}](https://developers.linode.com/api/docs/v4/{endpoint}/{#endpointVariable})) endpoint` *Example*: `the Clone Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)) endpoint`

<!-- Fill these sections out: -->

### Added

- A `disk_imagize` Event action can now generate a `secondary_entity` object. The `secondary_entity` object related to this event will display information about the image.

  - Refer to the `List Events ([GET /account/events](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-events)) and View Event ([GET /account/events/{eventId}](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-events-event-id)) endpoints` to review your Events.

### Changed

### Fixed

- Users will now receive a `200` response when using the endpoint `Open Support Ticket ([POST /support/tickets](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/support-tickets/#post))` even if the domain associated with it has the status `has_errors`.
