---
title: '4.8.0: 2019-10-21'
date: 2019-11-04T05:00:00.000Z
version: 4.8.0
changelog:
  - API
---
<!-- API changelog requirements - delete this before merging -->

* Replace all instances of X.X.X in the frontmatter with the appropriate API spec.
* Replace all instances of 2019-01-01 with the production release date for the API.
* All items in the changelog should mention which endpoints are affected.
* For changes and bugfixes, describe the previous behavior AND the new behavior.

<!-- Where to put things - delete this before merging -->

Some heuristics for which heading to put API reference updates under:

_Added_

* New endpoints.
* New fields in the request or a response of an existing endpoint.

_Changed_

* Changes in the behavior of an existing endpoing, when the previous behavior was working as it was designed. In other words, non-bugfix changes.

_Fixes_

* Bugfixes: Changes to the behavior of an endpoint, where the previous behavior was not working as intended/expected/documented.

<!-- Sample syntax - delete this before merging -->

* References to an endpoint should be in this format: `the Endpoint Name ([VERB /path/to/endpoint/{endpointVariable}](https://developers.linode.com/api/docs/v4/{endpoint}/{#endpointVariable})) endpoint` _Example_: `the Clone Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)) endpoint`

<!-- Fill these sections out: -->

### Added

* Added [POST /object-storage/cancel](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4beta/object-storage-cancel/#post) endpoint.
  * This endpoint allows you to remove Object Storage from an account. All buckets must be empty in order to use this endpoint.

### Changed

* The `View Account Settings ([GET /account/settings](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-settings)) endpoint` has been updated to include the status of this account's Object Storage Service. The possible values for this status are, `disabled`, `suspended`, and `active`.
* Added the `duration` property to `Event` which is the total duration in seconds of an Event's jobs from the time the first job to start started, to the time the last job to finish finished. To view a list of Events see the `List Events ([GET /account/events](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-events)) endpoint` and to view a specific event see the `View Event ([GET /account/events/{eventId}](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/account-events-event-id)) endpoint`.

### Fixed
