---
title: '4.9.1:2019-12-02'
date: 2019-12-02T05:00:00.000Z
version: 4.9.1
changelog:
  - API
---
<!-- API changelog requirements - delete this before merging -->
- Replace all instances of X.X.X in the frontmatter with the appropriate API spec.
- Replace all instances of 2019-01-01 with the production release date for the API.
- All items in the changelog should mention which endpoints are affected.
- For changes and bugfixes, describe the previous behavior AND the new behavior.

<!-- Where to put things - delete this before merging -->
Some heuristics for which heading to put API reference updates under:

*Added*
- New endpoints.
- New fields in the request or a response of an existing endpoint.

*Changed*
- Changes in the behavior of an existing endpoing, when the previous behavior was working as it was designed. In other words, non-bugfix changes.

*Fixes*
- Bugfixes: Changes to the behavior of an endpoint, where the previous behavior was not working as intended/expected/documented.

<!-- Sample syntax - delete this before merging -->

- References to an endpoint should be in this format: `the Endpoint Name ([VERB /path/to/endpoint/{endpointVariable}](https://developers.linode.com/api/docs/v4/{endpoint}/{#endpointVariable})) endpoint` *Example*: `the Clone Linode ([POST /linode/instances/{linodeId}/clone](https://developers.linode.com/api/v4/linode-instances-linode-id-clone/#post)) endpoint`

<!-- Fill these sections out: -->

### Added

- A `linode_config_create`, `linode_config_delete`, `linode_config_update`, `disk_create`, `disk_update` Event action can now generate a `secondary_entity` object. A `secondary_entity` object displays information about an additional entity that is related to the Event.

  - Refer to the List Events ([GET /account/events](/api/v4/account-events)) and View Event ([GET /account/events/{eventId}](/api/v4/account-events-event-id)) endpoints to review your Events.

- Added the `status` property to List Regions ([GET /regions](/api/v4/regions)) and View Region ([GET /regions/{regionId}](/api/v4/regions-region-id)). The `status` property returns a region's current operational status.

### Changed

### Fixed
